feat(bundler): add `TAURI_BUNDLER_TOOLS_GITHUB_MIRROR`to specify a GitHub mirror (#10866)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/bundler-github-cdn-from-env.md

---
"tauri-bundler": patch:feat
"tauri-cli": patch:feat
---

> Use the environment variable `TAURI_BUNDLER_TOOLS_DOWNLOAD_GITHUB_CDN` to specify a GitHub CDN for faster downloads of necessary files. This is designed for areas like Mainland China where GitHub access can be unreliable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `TAURI_BUNDLER_TOOLS_GITHUB_MIRROR` environment variable to specify a GitHub mirror to download files and tools used by tauri bundler. This is designed for areas like Mainland China where GitHub access can be unreliable.
```
